URL: https://vctm.in/pages/About%20College

AKTU Code: 340 | BTE Code: 1628 | under NL EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY UPTAC-2026 Online Counselling| Online Enquiry Menu About Us About College Our Inspiration Faculty Management Chairman Vice Chairperson Director Dean Academics Registrar Training and Placement Officer System Administrator Affiliations Why Join VCTM Quality Education Employment Enhancemant Training Vibrant Curriculum Discipline Our Mission and Vision Our Approach Mandatory Disclosure Campus Life Campus Facilities Cafeteria Club Other Hostel Infrastructure Central Library Auditorium Transportation Gallery of Campus Life Admissions Courses Eligibility Fee Structure Admission Cell Special Counselling(Spot) B.Tech. I Year Student List B.Tech. II Year Lateral Entry Students List M.B.A. I Year Students List M.B.A. II Year Lateral Entry Students List M.Tech. I Year Structural Engg. Students List Administrations Cell Anti Ragging Women Cell Grievance Cell Grievance Form Feedback Form Academics Departments Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Electronics and Communication Civil Engineering Computer Science Engineering & Information Technology Agricultural Engineering MBA Applied Sciences Academic Calendar Academic Policy AICTE APPROVALS Placement Career Resource Center Department Our Recruiter and Associates Placement Activities Placement Records Photo Gallery Placement Alumni Form Career Job Posting Contact Us About College About About College Our Inspiration Management Chairman Vice Chairperson Director Dean Academics Registrar Training and Placement Officer System Administrator Why Join VCTM Excellent Placement Records Quality Education Vibrant Curriculum Employment Enhancemant Training Discipline Our Mission and Vision Our Approach Mandatory Disclosure Affiliation Faculty About the College Vivekananda College of Technology and Management (VCTM) is established under NL EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY. Vivekananda Group of Colleges comprises of: 1. Vivekananda College of Education (VCOE), established in 2003 – 2004 is affiliated to B. R. Ambedkar University, Agra (U. P.), India and approved by NCET, Jaipur 2. Vivekananda College of Law (VCOL) in 2004 – 2005, affiliated to B. R. Ambedkar University, Agra (U. P.), India and approved by the Bar Council of India 3. Vivekananda College of Technology & Management (VCTM), approved by AICTE and affiliated to Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University, Lucknow(AKTU) formerly Uttar Pradesh Technical University and Board of Technical Education, Lucknow 4. Vivekananda College of Polytechnic (VCP), approved by AICTE and affiliated to Board of Technical Education, Lucknow The campus of VCTM is located at stone throw distance from the crossing of Khair road and Mathura Bypass. It is nearly 3 Km from the main city of Aligarh, about 5 Km from AMU campus and not more than 100 Km from NCR zone. Situated in a lush green belt the campus has environment absolutely free from pollution and traffic hazards. The building of the college has a beautiful architecture with artistic landscape and lush green lawns. The College contains all necessary infrastructure required for any good academic institution of higher studies, including spacious classrooms and tutorial rooms, well furnished seminar and conference halls, spacious library with good collection of books, well equipped laboratories and workshop, common rooms for girls and boys, a separate hall for indoor games and an attractive cafeteria. Audio-visual aids and advanced multi-media training gadgets the key players amongst modern teaching methods have been fixed in class rooms. Personality Development Programs and Co-curricular activities like Educational Club, Cultural Society and Students Council are functional in the college. VCTM Follow Us Quick Links AKTU BTE Contact Us Importants Links Anti Ragging Transport Route Placement Contact Us Vivekananda College of Technology and Management ( under NL EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY ) Mathura Bypass, Near Khair Road, 500 mtrs. from Nada Pul, Aligarh - 202002 (U.P.) +91 9454010846 +91 7906487855 +91 9756079797 vctmaligarh@gmail.com © 2025 VCTM All rights reserved. System Administrator Yash Tripathi