URL: https://vctm.in/pages/Career%20Resource%20Center%20Department

AKTU Code: 340 | BTE Code: 1628 | under NL EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY UPTAC-2026 Online Counselling| Online Enquiry Menu About Us About College Our Inspiration Faculty Management Chairman Vice Chairperson Director Dean Academics Registrar Training and Placement Officer System Administrator Affiliations Why Join VCTM Quality Education Employment Enhancemant Training Vibrant Curriculum Discipline Our Mission and Vision Our Approach Mandatory Disclosure Campus Life Campus Facilities Cafeteria Club Other Hostel Infrastructure Central Library Auditorium Transportation Gallery of Campus Life Admissions Courses Eligibility Fee Structure Admission Cell Special Counselling(Spot) B.Tech. I Year Student List B.Tech. II Year Lateral Entry Students List M.B.A. I Year Students List M.B.A. II Year Lateral Entry Students List M.Tech. I Year Structural Engg. Students List Administrations Cell Anti Ragging Women Cell Grievance Cell Grievance Form Feedback Form Academics Departments Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Electronics and Communication Civil Engineering Computer Science Engineering & Information Technology Agricultural Engineering MBA Applied Sciences Academic Calendar Academic Policy AICTE APPROVALS Placement Career Resource Center Department Our Recruiter and Associates Placement Activities Placement Records Photo Gallery Placement Alumni Form Career Job Posting Contact Us Career Resource Center Department Placements Career Resource Center Department Our Recruiter and Associates Placement Activities Photo Gallery Placement Alumni Form Placement Records Career Resource Center Department CRC Department has an important role to play in student’s future an indispensable pillar of the Institute. This department continuously strives to help students in pursuing their career goals by acquiring employment-seeking skills and ultimately to attain desired employment. This is accomplished through building a strong partnership amongst students, alumni, faculty members and industries. VCTM follows centralized placement activity which gives each branch equal opportunity to grow for sustained excellence in career through training & placement. Objectives of this department are as follows: Responsibilities Description Assist students in developing their academic and career interests, goals, and aspirations Provide individual counseling and conduct group discussions to help students explore and clarify their career paths Help students develop and implement successful job search strategies Provide guidance on resume writing, interview preparation, networking, and job search techniques Collaborate with faculty members, department heads, and administration Work together to align career planning with the academic curriculum, integrating career development opportunities Empower students with lifelong career decision-making skills Provide resources and guidance to help students make informed decisions about their career paths Provide resources and activities to facilitate the career planning process Offer career development workshops, seminars, and access to career-related resources and tools Serve as a liaison between students, alumni, and the employment community Facilitate connections and networking opportunities between students, alumni, and potential employers Create awareness among students about future career options Organize career fairs, industry talks, and information sessions to expose students to various career opportunities Assist companies in recruiting candidates according to their requirements Coordinate recruitment processes, including job postings, resume screening, and interview arrangements Coordinate summer training/internship programs Facilitate internships and help students secure summer training opportunities Bridge the gap between industry and academia Foster collaborations between educational institutions and the industry to enhance students' employability The placement process includes intensive per-placement activities comprising of: Career Counselling Sessions To inform and educate students about the various job opportunities available in the corporate world. Group Discussions To provide training and practice to the students about in-group behaviour and leadership skills. Presentation Skills and Workshops To enhance communication techniques. Technical Tests To revive knowledge and basic understanding of the subjects. Mock Interviews To enable the students to face real time work scenarios through regular mock interview sessions. CRC Department Dr. Vivek Thakur Training & Placement Officer, Vivekananda College of Tech & Mgmt,Aligarh-202002 Mob No. : +919457254080 Email: vivek2014thakur@gmail.com , placements@vctm.in VCTM Follow Us Quick Links AKTU BTE Contact Us Importants Links Anti Ragging Transport Route Placement Contact Us Vivekananda College of Technology and Management ( under NL EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY ) Mathura Bypass, Near Khair Road, 500 mtrs. from Nada Pul, Aligarh - 202002 (U.P.) +91 9454010846 +91 7906487855 +91 9756079797 vctmaligarh@gmail.com © 2025 VCTM All rights reserved. System Administrator Yash Tripathi