URL: https://vctm.in/pages/Hostel

AKTU Code: 340 | BTE Code: 1628 | under NL EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY UPTAC-2026 Online Counselling| Online Enquiry Menu About Us About College Our Inspiration Faculty Management Chairman Vice Chairperson Director Dean Academics Registrar Training and Placement Officer System Administrator Affiliations Why Join VCTM Quality Education Employment Enhancemant Training Vibrant Curriculum Discipline Our Mission and Vision Our Approach Mandatory Disclosure Campus Life Campus Facilities Cafeteria Club Other Hostel Infrastructure Central Library Auditorium Transportation Gallery of Campus Life Admissions Courses Eligibility Fee Structure Admission Cell Special Counselling(Spot) B.Tech. I Year Student List B.Tech. II Year Lateral Entry Students List M.B.A. I Year Students List M.B.A. II Year Lateral Entry Students List M.Tech. I Year Structural Engg. Students List Administrations Cell Anti Ragging Women Cell Grievance Cell Grievance Form Feedback Form Academics Departments Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Electronics and Communication Civil Engineering Computer Science Engineering & Information Technology Agricultural Engineering MBA Applied Sciences Academic Calendar Academic Policy AICTE APPROVALS Placement Career Resource Center Department Our Recruiter and Associates Placement Activities Placement Records Photo Gallery Placement Alumni Form Career Job Posting Contact Us Hostel Campus Life Campus Facilities Cafeteria Club Other Facilities Hostel Infrastructure Central Library Auditorium Transportation Gallery of Campus Life Hostel Student Residence VCTM hostels provide students “a home away from home”. In a safe and comfortable living environment, the students learn the joys of sharing academic and personal experiences. Studying and working together make them better team-players and increase their chances of success in their corporate careers. Separate Hostel facilities are provided for boys and girls. The hostel mess is run by the active cooperation and involvement of the students. Students get high quality, well balanced and nutritious vegetarian meals.Hostel life has a charm of its own. It is almost a parallel culture, an experience that takes you out of your comfort zone and exposes you to several experiences. Living by some stringent rules is one of them. Getting to know a host of students from diverse backgrounds at very close quarters, is another. At VCTM, College the idea is to make one as comfortable as possible in this parallel culture.Apart from the infrastructural soundness, all the hostels provide sufficient scope for interaction and relationship-building. There are common rooms, games rooms and courts for various sports in all hostels, where the students can relax and cool down after a hectic day of work. There is freedom of movement and students constantly interact with one another. This gives the new students full scope to know their seniors, learn from them, leverage their knowledge and build lasting relations with them. It is also a common sight to find study groups and project groups working away into the night in the hostel common rooms. . VCTM Follow Us Quick Links AKTU BTE Contact Us Importants Links Anti Ragging Transport Route Placement Contact Us Vivekananda College of Technology and Management ( under NL EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY ) Mathura Bypass, Near Khair Road, 500 mtrs. from Nada Pul, Aligarh - 202002 (U.P.) +91 9454010846 +91 7906487855 +91 9756079797 vctmaligarh@gmail.com © 2025 VCTM All rights reserved. System Administrator Yash Tripathi