URL: https://vctm.in/pages/Placement%20Activities

AKTU Code: 340 | BTE Code: 1628 | under NL EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY UPTAC-2026 Online Counselling| Online Enquiry Menu About Us About College Our Inspiration Faculty Management Chairman Vice Chairperson Director Dean Academics Registrar Training and Placement Officer System Administrator Affiliations Why Join VCTM Quality Education Employment Enhancemant Training Vibrant Curriculum Discipline Our Mission and Vision Our Approach Mandatory Disclosure Campus Life Campus Facilities Cafeteria Club Other Hostel Infrastructure Central Library Auditorium Transportation Gallery of Campus Life Admissions Courses Eligibility Fee Structure Admission Cell Special Counselling(Spot) B.Tech. I Year Student List B.Tech. II Year Lateral Entry Students List M.B.A. I Year Students List M.B.A. II Year Lateral Entry Students List M.Tech. I Year Structural Engg. Students List Administrations Cell Anti Ragging Women Cell Grievance Cell Grievance Form Feedback Form Academics Departments Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Electronics and Communication Civil Engineering Computer Science Engineering & Information Technology Agricultural Engineering MBA Applied Sciences Academic Calendar Academic Policy AICTE APPROVALS Placement Career Resource Center Department Our Recruiter and Associates Placement Activities Placement Records Photo Gallery Placement Alumni Form Career Job Posting Contact Us Placement Activities Placements Career Resource Center Department Our Recruiter and Associates Placement Activities Photo Gallery Placement Alumni Form Placement Records Placement Activities & TPO Desk Today VCTM is among leading College in UP West region where the future Managers and Engineers are being groomed in world class environment by the experienced faculty drawn from Institutions like IITs/NITs etc. This is matter of pride that as per the SurveIn today’s agonistic world, a retroactive learning style and bondless capability for innovation forms the cornerstone for obtaining desired placement in flourished organizations. We, at Vivekananda College of Technology & Management (i.e. VCTM, Aligarh) offers quality & innovative courses from the emerging verticals of economy which are market driven to help the students harness true potential. Besides academics, we also believe in the holistic development of our students. Our teaching methodology includes presentations, case studies, live projects, educational and Industrial tours and engagement in seminars and conferences etc. One of the strongest points of the learning experience at VCTM is convergent study and industrial interaction. This supported us to infuse in the students a mindset that groomed them for the challenging corporate world. Develop Close linkages with industry: Develop and maintain long term relations with industries through effective interaction. Students personality development and grooming: To ascertain, plan, co-ordinate and organize Student’s personality development and grooming for: Development of soft skills and specific technological skills in tune with industrial needs. Personality & attitude Group discussion Interview Online test for assessment of student strength for suitability for employment. Campus Placement: The potential employers are shortlisted on the basis of students discipline and there interests and market research. They are then contacted and invited to the campus in accordance with our accepted policy and priorities. It fulfills dual purposes, one for students securing their future career, and industry securing the best fresh talents available in the region. Industry Meet: Cell organizes industrial meet at the institute. Two such meets were organized by the CELL. Both the meets proved fruitful for the students, faculty and the industry personnel. Expert Lectures: Cell organizes expert lecture series during seminar or at the department level in coordination with student organizations. Such lectures familiarize the students and the faculty with the state - of - art industry practices and their correlation with the textbook material. Industrial Training for the Students: Training is the integral part of the study to acknowledge them for real world problems. Students are placed at various industries for 6 to 8 weeks and under supervision and guidance of respective industry personnel. The faculty carries out monitoring and evaluation regularly. Industrial Visit – Study Tour: In each semester, industry visits of the students with faculty members are organized to the relevant industries at various locations. It serves the objective of exposure to large-scale practical applications of theoretical aspects for the students. Student Projects: Students prepare the projects reflecting the needs and problems of the industry. Institute faculty interacts with industry personnel for successful implementation of such projects. Training for the Faculty: Faculty is deputed to the industry to gain firsthand experience on industrial plants and processes. This exposure enhances the teaching capability of the faculty and allows them to enrich their classroom delivery. Career Orientation Program: Programmes to orient students about industry expectations are organized. Additional seminars are undertaken by the students in each semester to improve learning in the areas like Literature Survey, Personality Development, Group Discussion and Presentation Skills. Moreover, opportunities of Technologies for communication skills enhancement are provided. Entrepreneurship development cell (EDC) : The program is meant for encourage student to be an entrepreneur. Special efforts are on to establish incubation cell with funding from central govt. agencies to provide logistic as well as financial support. VCTM Follow Us Quick Links AKTU BTE Contact Us Importants Links Anti Ragging Transport Route Placement Contact Us Vivekananda College of Technology and Management ( under NL EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY ) Mathura Bypass, Near Khair Road, 500 mtrs. from Nada Pul, Aligarh - 202002 (U.P.) +91 9454010846 +91 7906487855 +91 9756079797 vctmaligarh@gmail.com © 2025 VCTM All rights reserved. System Administrator Yash Tripathi