URL: https://vctm.in/pages/Training%20and%20Placement%20Officer

AKTU Code: 340 | BTE Code: 1628 | under NL EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY UPTAC-2026 Online Counselling| Online Enquiry Menu About Us About College Our Inspiration Faculty Management Chairman Vice Chairperson Director Dean Academics Registrar Training and Placement Officer System Administrator Affiliations Why Join VCTM Quality Education Employment Enhancemant Training Vibrant Curriculum Discipline Our Mission and Vision Our Approach Mandatory Disclosure Campus Life Campus Facilities Cafeteria Club Other Hostel Infrastructure Central Library Auditorium Transportation Gallery of Campus Life Admissions Courses Eligibility Fee Structure Admission Cell Special Counselling(Spot) B.Tech. I Year Student List B.Tech. II Year Lateral Entry Students List M.B.A. I Year Students List M.B.A. II Year Lateral Entry Students List M.Tech. I Year Structural Engg. Students List Administrations Cell Anti Ragging Women Cell Grievance Cell Grievance Form Feedback Form Academics Departments Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Electronics and Communication Civil Engineering Computer Science Engineering & Information Technology Agricultural Engineering MBA Applied Sciences Academic Calendar Academic Policy AICTE APPROVALS Placement Career Resource Center Department Our Recruiter and Associates Placement Activities Placement Records Photo Gallery Placement Alumni Form Career Job Posting Contact Us Training and Placement Officer About About College Our Inspiration Management Chairman Vice Chairperson Director Dean Academics Registrar Training and Placement Officer System Administrator Why Join VCTM Excellent Placement Records Quality Education Vibrant Curriculum Employment Enhancemant Training Discipline Our Mission and Vision Our Approach Mandatory Disclosure Affiliation Faculty Training and Placement Officer Offering information, advice, guidance and support for job seeking students is considered a primary responsibility at the college. Training and placement cell is equipped to create a pool of skilled manpower guiding the students to reach their goals with perfection. Since the year of its inception VCTM's training & placement department is headed by an active and competent faculty. The Head Training and placement is supported by well qualified permanent training staff. Career guidance and personality development seminars, workshops & Guest lecutres are organized regularly to improve the performance of students in job market. A team of dedicated faculty members works continuously to groom the students for career counseling, Business Etiquettes, Group Discussion and Interview skills, Motivation, Resume Writing, Communication Skills, Negotiation skills and mock interviews etc. The cell is also responsible for organizing final placement for the graduating and post graduating students. A continuous process that effectively starts the day a student joins the college. The department has successfully placed the students in reputed national and Multinational companies. Dr. Vivek Thakur Training and Placement Officer Vivekananda Group of Colleges VCTM Follow Us Quick Links AKTU BTE Contact Us Importants Links Anti Ragging Transport Route Placement Contact Us Vivekananda College of Technology and Management ( under NL EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY ) Mathura Bypass, Near Khair Road, 500 mtrs. from Nada Pul, Aligarh - 202002 (U.P.) +91 9454010846 +91 7906487855 +91 9756079797 vctmaligarh@gmail.com © 2025 VCTM All rights reserved. System Administrator Yash Tripathi